Update for 'single-threaded' property (#143)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: packages/documentation/copy/en/reference/Target Declaration.md

- [**runtime-version**](#runtime-version): Specify which version of the runtime system to use.
- [**rust-include**](#rust-include): (Rust only) A set of Rust modules in the generated project.
- [**single-file-project**](#single-file-project): (Rust only) If true, enables [single-file project layout](#single-file-layout).

> - [**single-threaded**](#single-threaded): Whether to use a single-threaded or multi-threaded runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**single-threaded**](#single-threaded): Whether to use a single-threaded runtime (as opposed to a multi-threaded one).
```

Author: Thanks for the edit! I've made the other PR ready for review.
